everybody welcome back to northernlion
checks to make sure there is a recording
being made right now yeah okay sweets
it's me I'm playing Isaac I like Isaac
oh no we don't want to have any kinds
leave the freaking continue this run you
get you know this is the one that we got
rerun on which is why we have a million
in 1% right now there's also why the
streak is going to end so you know what
we've been doing Eden runs for a while
let's go back to some randoms
so we can mix it up a little bit and
Kane is actually like pretty close to my
Platonic ideal for randoms you know why
v18
a and cp6 ah he starts with 4.20 damage
I can't believe that don't ever speak to
me I can't believe that this late in the
game I'm still coming up with reasons to
like shuffle my power rankings of
characters but 4.20 damage is a
legitimate excellent reason to be happy
to be Kane the dude is strong why he
gets the damage bonus and like Lilith
doesn't is beyond me maybe there's
another character he starts at 4.20 I
thought but you know I think Kane is is
doing decent as is but you know I'm not
going to complain about it cuz worth
benefiting from it right now so I'm
going to pull a little tip out of the
player unknowns battlegrounds toolkit
here and abuse our surroundings to get a
little bit of extra damage that didn't
put us at any risk whatsoever it's there
never really considered it but many
monstros got a little advantage there
because this shot height is so high that
you can just launch bullets over rocks
maybe leave yourself safer than you
otherwise would be but we're probably
going to be fine either way I met an
individual today if you're watching
these but you're probably watching the
videos kata now we're out I exercise my
constitutional right to vote and I voted
early because I thought that it would be
smart to beat the crowd but then it was
really crowded and I was like voting on
a Saturday what do you think of buddy
but either way that's so tangential of
the story then we got a sandwich
afterwards and there's a nice gentleman
served
he said do you make youtube videos and I
said yes and he said hey I love your
videos and I said thank you
and I said have a nice day and that was
that and I was waiting outside for Kate
who was catching a Pokemon playing some
Pokemon go and a car drove by and this
is where you're going to think it's
getting a little suspicious but a car
drove by and a nice gentleman in the
passenger side rolled down his window he
didn't roll it down you know it's 2017
to use the automatic windows but he said
are you northernlion and I said yes I am
and he said it would be cool be parked
and took a picture and I said that would
be completely okay and thus that is what
happened we do get a card out of taro
cloth so I'm like a high on life right
now I feel like I might actually be the
most popular entertainment producer on
planet Earth is this what like Leonardo
DiCaprio feels when he walks outside
it'll use the best oh stop it you that's
you didn't have to say that obviously
I'm being like 80% facetious here I
didn't mean to give you my key you owe
me that key I want one more sense so we
can get car battery when the floor has
been really good so far but car battery
would would be nice as well let's see
what we get from our boss I guess but
yeah I mean first off if you are those
people or one of those people thank you
you made my day secondly that
straight-up does not happen very often
and it was remarkable to me that it
happened in such quick succession and
then when the second gentleman drove off
he shouted out of his car window you
missed a tinted rock and I was like you
know what you're a true fan so I shot
his tires out and left him to bleed out
on the sidewalk no of course not I
laughed and then the people around me
were like what is this weirdo laughing
at and I went back to the station I
normally hold in society which is people
being like what is this weirdo do in any
way what we got here did I already place
the bomb there I might have you know
let's just get back out here that's fine
we did very very well on this floor and
latchkey by itself is a good pickup as
well let me close out of this window
just so I don't get like an unwanted
message or something like that
yeah so a taro cloth is killer right off
the bat we do have an arcade chance here
as well we got to luck we didn't really
improve our damage too much but only
directly because mini monster was
actually a pretty decent indirect damage
upgrade not quite as good as maybe like
a monster Rose lung but certainly not
bad we do actually get the arcade that
we qualified for it got to be a little
careful dude I was just going to say I
feel like we're due for small rock why
is our speed low we didn't get anything
that raised our speed our speed
shouldn't be lower maybe I'm
overthinking it anyway it's kind of bad
because we wanted some spirit out to
protect us while we did this but at the
same time small rock is always welcome
unless it makes our speed impossible to
manage but it didn't 6.23 damaged us is
definitely worth the cost of doing
business here an arcade with two HP not
really so much worth the cost of doing
business but life goes on horse is not a
good pill but it's good ish when you
know that it's coming when you have no
idea that it's coming it's an explosion
you know when you got an idea that it's
coming you can plan for it and release
it at the right time what do you mean it
sounds like I'm talking about sexual
intercourse that's gross and you've got
a sick mind buddy
almost the sick of that dude I meant
today shout it out of his car window you
missed attended Rock I'm joking it was
good-natured I hope all I'm saying is
that when you know you're about to know
okay sure I don't have any bombs cuz I
spent them all but I do wait wait wait
what do you please fly into here secret
room there you go okay
I don't need a range upgrade so I don't
really feel too invested in that trinket
they're bombs I was thinking we could do
some funky stuff
of course now that I have the I know
there's a toad to draught they're na'vi
okay may-maybe navi it's navi right i it
would have been fine if they had just
named it something more original i'm not
trying to insult intended
but there's already a navy you know
that's where the seals come from we
didn't get car battery this is the right
play I'm not too I mean is that a that's
the second secret room okay I'll pay
five steps to go to the second secret
room and now there's an eSports team
Navi makes it very confusing to remember
how the fairy name from Ocarina of Time
is pronounced made just me possibly just
me I really like the sound that Minnie
monstro makes it's like it's in a rap
music video it's going to go that I
can't do it properly I understand
apparently that's like a gang call sign
I'm not trying to ruffle any feathers
here the moon tough call talk I think
I'd rather keep one read hard head down
to the next floor is a little dicey I'll
admit I think we got you know high hopes
keeping ourselves going here it's a good
room appreciate the money I got no bombs
but Lisa shut sour look listen up you
know because we already found the secret
room you're just hanging out of a room
I've already seen not providing you the
benefit I require right now this is good
gravy right here so we do want to buy
champion
else or as I've decided in the moment
champion belt and as I've decided to
adjust it again champion Pro V which is
branded or the was not champion Pro V is
not a brand of shampoo Pantene pro-v is
a brand of shampoo have we solved the
split ends problem see I opted out of
the split ends problem I was in Excel
floor when I when I started shaving my
head or rather my genetics opted out of
the split ends problem for me so thank
you for that I suppose I will take
Taurus
zero point eight speed is really bad
that was that was a bad decision on our
part but it seems like hair scientists
the world over just cannot solve the
problem of split ends we're still
dealing with it
laboratories full of surprisingly
attractive scientists and I'm not saying
scientists aren't attractive I'm just
saying these are models is the
difference I'd rather be with the
scientists honestly because we could
have a conversation after and I'd be
like what do you think about string
theory and they'd be like you know
nothing
excuse me NL don't stigmatize all models
as any okay but like I mean this but but
then excuse me those two potential
scientists is no but I didn't mean I'm
sorry okay I'm sorry I made a promise to
mesh to white let's go we've actually
been to probably every special room here
which is really nice as long as we don't
encounter all that looks extremely
stupid as long as we don't encounter
homing bombs or at least too many homing
bombs we should be pretty much good to
beat this one that was easy enough dude
we need speed upgrades like I will maybe
I should have taken that HP yep but I'm
not sweating too much because of our
relatively low deal with the devil
chance regardless but we need speed
upgrades we need tourists to activate
faster and we need to be able to dodge
on route to torus activate
so there is still champion belt back
there amazingly Lisa it's amazing to me
we have not managed to gain two cents to
buy champion belt did find the second oh
this is good stuff
Yara it's going to give us two black
loons algae's that's what we're looking
for cause algae's is safe right now
there's more that is more Yaris there's
another year there's an a was a was is
I'm just getting used even though it is
boss rush get-out-of-jail-free we've got
a de gAHS there I could tell because our
spirit art went up that's pecan oh so
now they're a walls are looking for
black markets specifically or
crawlspaces that's an on sous as a hog
Alonso case we got yara algae's and
black runes
we're so unlikely to get anything
special out of here but I should go
explore I'm going to level with you I'm
thinking that we won't take yara I'm
thinking I'll take double black rune
whether or not we get a year later is
largely irrelevant to me but what is
highly relevant to me is using black
room to give us some statistical
upgrades because we really could use
speed and I think that fairly plausible
you get a speed upgrade pretty early see
like that I I'll admit I position does
badly there but I could have dodged it
if I'd had more speed so this I feel
like we're not going to get nearly full
value out of many of these runes but
that's why I popped algae's right there
sure it only allowed us to get a a mimic
and the mimics shocked but if we don't
use it we're going to leave some rings
behind here so similarly I'm intending
to take double double Wow okay
black rune so I'm going to open these up
now use the gyro rune to give us three
extra stone chests which give us an
emperor card an emperor card and of
course an emperor card so we know that
we don't care about that last ones but
only doubles what's in it so I mean to
be honest Li - Emperor cards for
SiC it does save us from having to
backtrack but was it worth losing the
heiress and not have to backtrack no but
if one of those had Stephen in it
we'd be crushing it right now we would
have gotten Stephen and then three other
items and gold chest items ain't nothing
to mess with I'm really I'm playing
around with the idea that it's not
always the right call to roll era into
perpetuity there is a lovely item don't
get me wrong you lovely trinket I should
say I don't think it's always the right
choice I think almost always it's the
right choice so I'm thinking here's what
you do
you got to hit the button and we do want
the bomb but I'm going to go tinted rock
lucky yes
that was almost extremely my bad but I'm
not interested okay um and then post
curse room uh well you know what we
should actually just use the emperor
card right out of the curse room first I
was like we'll go curse room and then
we'll walk back to the mob trap room and
then we'll teleport back but I think we
should just do it like this instead it
you just flying around or you got
something for me just flying around
that's fine you know you got to do
something keep yourself busy I don't
know the grand experiment here might not
have worked out that fantastic way for
us but it doesn't seem like it turned
out badly the thing is there was nothing
to suck up to begin with but we want to
use black rune to get maximum suck so if
we can find a library that's a good
opportunity for a little suck action
look it's on intentional vulgarity
alright my favorite Jamiroquai song
apart from that obviously uh ba thrush
basically fits the bill two to four
items actually you can have six items on
boss rush I think metal played just
defended us from getting hit is that
really what metal plate does and I've
just never noticed that it's kind of
like a decent infamy or maybe just
literally infamy either way we're on
paper bombs Russia and if we can get
black room to work on boss rush then the
world's our oyster
secret room thank you got to pay more
attention to look listen many many times
in the past I have squandered it's
wonderful gift steam sales beautiful
that is not worth losing here luck
upgrades I know
Taurus was still the wrong call but I'd
still believe that you will be here give
me a sign give me something I can suck
up with my black room Oh baby baby get
out of here Noby come come now the e Our
Lady peace anybody Canadians will know
that one Canadians of a certain age my
favorite Ray Romano
television program aired on TNT for two
seasons before it was unfairly cut short
for whatever reason freaking Everybody
Loves Raymond there is 490 seasons
Ray Romano tries to make some actual
good you know pizza art they go where's
Robert bring bad rabbit the road no
Robert Barone a men of a certain age but
there isn't an actor whose name is Scott
Bakula is that not cool enough for you
there's one continent away from being a
Transylvanian count that would be Scott
Dracula we got it take it that's a
no-brainer
we're like mad slow
I'm not mad because I'm slow I think
metal plate just stopped us from taking
damage again it took a run where it's
not plausible for me to dodge for me to
appreciate an item I probably should
have been liking for a long time but
that's just a hunch that that's what it
actually does
gang golden bombs are good we do need to
go to the shop if we want to get the
value out of picking up the quarter
otherwise the quarter might as well not
exist I know that's our secret room
don't patronize me
what we do have now is a 100 percent
chance of getting a deal with the devil
which would be amazing if we can get a
little closer to that Goffe dream blood
clot is good enough I had a feeling we
might run into will cramp Oh territory
that's fine lump of coals good and we
can suck up Krampus head
that's a tears and damage upgrade
normally could not ask for more in this
case and could ask for like slightly
more like some speed perhaps you know
what I'm going to I'm going to go for
broke here I'm going to suck up the key
piece I want speed badly is this a good
use of black room no but it is an urgent
use of black room there's no key piece
from this guy every time you make that
same mistake so I'm just doing this to
save time because we could have used our
unlimited bombs to do this easily but
whatever I know I said we had to go to
the shop I still believe in my heart of
hearts I would like to do that but we
got a sadly also take advantage of our
boss rush opportunities here where is he
going
he's just flying about okay it's a bad
time for the curse of the lost but at
this point you know I've got a pretty
good mental map of how a floor should
look not like it's a crapshoot to some
extent you know you just got to choose
direction it seems like it could be the
right way but when it comes to dead ends
and building a mental map out of those
dead ends we should have some good
instincts at this point we've been doing
this for long enough so there's a room
that I would consider non-compulsory
this item is good enough and we only a
Jamica we only have the one syringe I
think so here's up still great and the
tiers up is still great because it
stores the value if we ever break the
tiers cap I'm going to be happy that
that exists I know we're leaving keys
the keys
you know it's collateral damage starring
Tom Cruise Jamie Foxx who is the girl
the female lead in collateral I think it
was Will Smith's ex-wife Jada
pinkett-smith I believe is that the case
also rare a pre Avengers turn from Mark
Ruffalo dude 2004 how good was that year
for him Eternal Sunshine of the spotless
mind and collateral like come on birth
of a superstar right
keep it going here we are in a very good
spot 7.23 damage with a tear cap rate of
fire there's very little to complain
about in that department our HP is
relatively good in fact I would go so
far as to say that effectively that's
pretty good to not not only like our run
is where it is right now we also have
for luck which is awesome but for luck
Oh way better than four loko am i right
fellow dare advocates but on the other
hand some speed would be nice but not of
that variety go ball your kill them
you're killing me with timing here we
might be in unable to kill mom in time
territory right now that's not helping
or is it hurt me hurt me more yep this
is our game plan now this is my life
thank you
we got a check we got a check as we
might not make it anyway okay that's
fine you didn't really love it we can do
this we can do this hurt me more hurt me
more there were those who said it
couldn't be done
you got it you just got to do this
unfortunately no matter what it is yeah
I see some good stuff
you got a black routed I didn't realize
that after we black ruined it we would
have to fight so maybe that was bad but
we did get a very nice speed upgrade
so yeah I mean I might be an idiot our
HP is actually not that bad I mean it
looks bad but I feel like if we just
catch the if we catch enemies at the
right time with five luck we alright
you're okay now that's too much we might
be able to make a same work for us given
the right circumstances here so I'm
thinking like if you find a fistula you
can make it pop the creep down I can
wait
wrong time to make a stand here keep in
mind we won't have 12 damaged forever 12
damage is just for now even no problem
so we shouldn't get too attached to that
you jerk however every other set should
also be the same as what it will
eventually be did you see that he took a
shot from beyond the grave and as much
as the inner frat boy and me respects
that that's not okay
alright so things are actually becoming
quite dangerous right now I have the
utmost faith in my attributes I don't
necessarily have the utmost faith in
myself but now I know what it takes to
win a run statistically the certain
degree of confidence we are above that
level of attributional okay metal play
may have just saved us I don't know what
I'm saying anymore by the way
okay pop up please
don't what
like the fire bounced off an invisible
rock or something like that good blue
candle play though these guys have got
to go they're the most dangerous game
this might be the right time to go for
Anna same play lots of weak enemies but
you know a same might give us some HP
but not getting hit will definitely not
take away our HP which strikes me is
maybe the smarter gamble in today's
uncertain economy
hopefully that deal with the devil is
still open for us this is our moment we
got it back we got it back I told you
I'd get you that was not very smart of
me but look at that look at that we got
it back we didn't get it back that time
though okay that was dumb
we got it back and simultaneously lost
it that's why you can't get in too fast
or you're just going to lose it again it
could be said that I've made some
mistakes on this run
yeah all I really thought he was going
to dust his own friend there perfect
instead we can dust him doesn't bother
me that was not very smart but here we
are thank God for a theme at least
working out occasionally got to be
getting close we're done oh those Midas
touch okay it's beautiful so yeah you
know some bad plays in there I would
never dispute that we're going to be up
fairly tight in this one
phrasing maybe and you know what I'm
glad that we're still alive many reasons
avoiding embarrassment but also a good
chance for redemption you know even if
we played badly to put ourselves in this
position we have to play well to get
ourselves out of it so there is a chance
for us to demonstrate that we're not
actually stupid now that sucks
saved please okay bad floor for curse of
the unknown as well but it's important
every time you get hit don't use Midas
touch as much as you use a thing like
let a theme have a chance before you go
for the Midas touch kill maybe one day
we'll enter that point we do have five
luck Oh Taurus is also such a good - tie
for God dude with tourists we should be
getting thanks for the poop we should be
getting myriad opportunity to use Midas
touch as well if only we need like the
virus or something to go along with it
and then you know nothing could stop us
the world is our Arboretum that's good
still waiting on a spirit hard had to be
done
17% chance of a deal with the devil
strikes me as a little better than a 9%
chance unlimited bombs we've had like
three floors in a row Oh Nobby just
pointed it out
might as well grab the money we couldn't
fight hush we probably will choose not
to oh that's the stuff okay one black
heart let's go
so oh I tried so hard and I may have
even gotten so far I think you know what
happens in the end beautiful didn't beat
the odds did get a shot speed increase
at least we basically broke even
although I did pick up a half heart I
should not have or a full full heart I
should not have I did I almost call it a
full shark yes I did I did almost call
it a full shark you caught that huh
this is still like one of my favorite
kinds of runs I would prefer you know if
we're going to be a glass cannon I want
to be like one of those World War two
ERA like mortars launcher you know I'm
not talking about a trip I am NOT
talking about the trebuchet mean what
can I say I walked into that
only two of them perfect okay it's a
tough call dude you got a secret room
for me oh let's go we just won the game
Thank You health uphill you're too good
to me you really are this has been bad
play by the way recognize that I'm going
to have people yelling at me that Navi
pointed to another door in there before
you do so it's the same secret room it's
the same secret rooms as two different
apertures via which to enter it poor
play here got a little bit of a rerun
hangover or something like that it seems
but the utmost faith in our ability to
take this to conclusion notice they
didn't say it will win but cuckoo no I
think we got the win I would like to
play better though we did sort of get
carried but if you can get carried by a
single health upgrade maybe it's not
getting carried at all let's go we do
need to open that you know what I would
love to see right now and you're going
to think this guy's out of his mind
nothing huh I would love to see IV bag
well preferably with something like the
wafer but I believe in the potential
power of IV bag second secret room
Blackheart I wonder could I redeem
myself by fighting Hoshi on this run
would you consider that a redemp-emp-emp
and be like definitely do not do that
yeah okay with No Deal we can't do that
I what was I think you're gonna go fight
the hush with 4 HP so little brazen
that's okay we redeemed ourselves with a
pretty good mom's heart fight there um I
also have to say that that dodge was
pretty sweet I will to my own horn
slightly about that you idiot ghosts
fell into my trap
you absolute morons no secret room here
sadly you know the value of the Navy is
not just finding the secret room it's in
knowing which rooms the secret room is
not in end up saving you some bombs and
it means it shoot quickly our big
weakness for us right now what do you
got what you got Joker King being
conception is actually dope it's just
way too late for us to actually get
value out of it so unfortunately I'm
going to have to say no but I do
appreciate the offer
now does look listen show you which one
of those blue fires has like spirit arts
in them or those generated at the time
of you know finishing the explosion oh
that's good stuff
no damage multipliers five point eight
one damage don't mind if I do
so yeah we might have gotten carried to
survive the womb and to survive ba
Suresh to be 100% honest with you but
now it looks like we're set if you're
ragging on me for believing that ki
behind
explain yourself you think we're going
to find ten locks down here we already
got the the trinket that lets us open
stuff for free
there is one valid example we could
accidentally take bombs or key and then
we would have slightly less bombs
although still more than we already have
so it's I feel you on that one this run
is very very good now but you still like
to not take damage here that's not good
enough
with five luckily be expecting some
drops on the next floor oh there was a
secret room there nothing you can give
me here is interesting luck upgrades
maybe are the best and points of course
but we're not doing it daily where's our
second secret room buddy I'll do one
more room if we get a second secret room
you flying over here
I think he's flying over here nope he
tricked me
now he's playing the long con on me I
think ideally we don't want him to
teleport before we get to our tourist
payout because we're going to get so
much damage out of the Midas touch
we probably skipped like at least a
third of this phase which is the most
difficult phase as a result of that
nice okay cool now it seems like we're
steamrolling and really we owe most of
that the crickets head of them being a
hundred percent with you crack it crack
it crack it crack it all good stuff our
shot speed can absorb that it it lost a
lot but I can live with it but dead
onion is so good at least if you can
make it work for yourself and don't even
get me started on dead I like this item
is giving us 22 damage I don't know if
it can get higher you know remember that
Kanye West song I don't know if he can
get in higher please stand still because
I really would mean first off yes I'd
like to murder you there is that seedy
little element of it but oh yeah
wouldn't mind being able to see how high
dead I can go let's say you can go into
the low 30s yeah 30 pointing I guess it
goes until you get double damage I don't
know how many times I've run that
experiment for myself come to the same
conclusion
lovers actually a valuable card perhaps
you might suggest the right play with
ship to move is to get we should have
taken triple-a battery ages ago now but
it's only in hindsight that we can say
that data minor is bad okay I know
you're going to say use it once it's
it's actually bad it's a bad item you
don't have to feel bad for liking it but
it's a bad item i someone's got to take
a stand for these shitty items okay
I think the right play with ship de Loup
is to use it to get the jump on enemies
as opposed to using it when your damage
is at its peak better in my estimation
to just roast an enemy than it is to
worry about whether or not you're at the
damage cap
I actually thought there was basically
zero percent chance you were going to
live through that but you know what fair
play you got me and now we are going to
get the Royal you this is an exception
let's get to 30 get back to 30 I don't
know we might have botched it either way
this guy's dusted and no void portal
good run at the end things got a little
tight there for a while but for now
thanks for watching hope you guys
enjoyed the episode if you did click the
like button helps out a great deal of
course subscribe you want to see more
the future for now thanks for watching
and I will see you next time